You mentioned that you were mayor of Amarillo for a
period of six years. Could you tell me a little bit
about that? I was first city commissioner for six
years, and then I was mayor for six years during the
war. And it was during this time that you were also
in your brick supply business. Oh yeah, that's not
a full-time job. without practicing no
remuneration. The city managed the form of
government. Of course, it took a lot of time. Well,
I gather you have a city council and a mayor, and the
city council meets how often? Once a week. Once a
week then. Were there any particular things which
were accomplished for Amarillo while you were
mayor? Yes, they moved in there. There was a
mechanic school around here, and the
city had a whole lot to do with that. It had 20,
30,000
men out there at the air base. Now this mechanic
school, is that a military? Aviation mechanic
school. This is for the Air Force? At that time, I
guess, was it still the Army Air Corps at that
point, or had it been a separate branch by then? It
was a separate branch. So did the city make a
proposal to the government to establish it here?
Oh, yeah. I made a trip every month to Washington
for six months before we ever got a vote. We were
working with the Chamber of Commerce. and did you
work with your congressman in Washington too or?
Oh yeah.
Were there any say any plans made for future
development of Amarillo or anything like that
while you were serving as mayor? Oh yes, we had a
portion for a plan And I remember still doing good.
Well, it's certainly, from what I've seen of it, a
fairly well laid out city and looks to be quite
prosperous. Yes, we had a slump here after they
closed the base, but it's come back nice and
strong. When was the base closed?
It was reopened in 52 and closed in about 58. That
was during the Korean War that was reopened.
So you would have had a slump then say after 58 when
it was closed? Yes, we had a slump there after it was
closed in 47. What's the base being used for now?
There's a school out there, Texas Technical
School. And then there's some private industries
moved in out there.
Different companies.
Are there any other,
say, accomplishments that you would like to be
remembered for? No, I don't think so. You don't
think so? The two boys, you ready? Okay.